[Smart Accounts][Advanced Permissions] Add redelegation guide (#2617)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: smart-accounts-kit/guides/advanced-permissions/create-redelegation.md

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="example.ts">

```typescript
import { sepolia as chain } from "viem/chains";
import { sessionAccount, walletClient } from "./config.ts";
import { parseUnits } from "viem";

// Since current time is in seconds, we need to convert milliseconds to seconds.
const currentTime = Math.floor(Date.now() / 1000);
// 1 week from now.
const expiry = currentTime + 604800;

// USDC address on Ethereum Sepolia.
const tokenAddress = "0x1c7D4B196Cb0C7B01d743Fbc6116a902379C7238";

const grantedPermissions = await walletClient.requestExecutionPermissions([{
  chainId: chain.id,
  expiry,
  signer: {
    type: "account",
    data: {
      // The requested permissions will granted to the
      // session account.
      address: sessionAccount.address,
    },
  },
  permission: {
    type: "erc20-token-periodic",
    data: {
      tokenAddress,
      // 10 USDC in WEI format. Since USDC has 6 decimals, 10 * 10^6
      periodAmount: parseUnits("10", 6),
      // 1 day in seconds
      periodDuration: 86400,
      justification?: "Permission to transfer 10 USDC every day",
    },
  },
  isAdjustmentAllowed: true,
}]);
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="config.ts">

```ts

> import { createWalletClient, custom, createPublicClient, http} from "viem";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { createWalletClient, custom, createPublicClient, http } from "viem";
```

import { privateKeyToAccount } from "viem/accounts";
import { toMetaMaskSmartAccount, Implementation } from "@metamask/smart-accounts-kit";
import { erc7715ProviderActions } from "@metamask/smart-accounts-kit/actions";
import { sepolia as chain } from "viem/chains";

const publicClient = createPublicClient({
  chain,
  transport: http(),
});

const privateKey = "0x...";
const account = privateKeyToAccount(privateKey);

export const sessionAccount = await toMetaMaskSmartAccount({
  client: publicClient,
  implementation: Implementation.Hybrid,
  deployParams: [account.address, [], [], []],
  deploySalt: "0x",
  signer: { account },
});

export const walletClient = createWalletClient({
  transport: custom(window.ethereum),
}).extend(erc7715ProviderActions());
 
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Decode delegations

The granted permissions object includes a `context` property that represents the encoded delegations. 

> To create a re-delegation, you must first decode this delegations to access the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a redelegation, you must first decode these delegations to access the 
```
